hello everyone according to title returns
for a small role
so if you follow me on instagram
you must have seen that I went a
beauty ambassador meeting
for audio and so inevitably when I
go to audio I always fall for
a few tips and tricks as I said
but here it is the cave of ali baba
cccm it's a treasury thing ya full
of things in the audio f difficult to
do not crack but you know it
I always try to be reasonable and
not to take either ten thousand
things that I will not use so
I decided to take only things
useful to start with a new object
of torture
yes because that's just very very
essential
then you also know if you
follow sure on youtube point here actually
I made you a little video there
not long ago regarding the
demonstration of the small suckers
cell or for cellulite and I 'm
I said I was going to try another
technical because I'm a tester
in the suburbs is a fact I took
this little gadget that already made me
the eye the last time actually when
I was gone and it's a little bit of
simply massage that is supposed
to be anti-cellulite and to have it already
used multiple times then not
enough to tell you that it
walk on the dimples but
enough to tell you that it does
badly then I get on my hand it hurts
it's bearable but you know
the kind of pain or we say a goal
like it hurts it should make
the effect like when we make the effect
sucker with the cell where we have a
little sensation at once hurting
and at the same time that makes pleasure between
quotation marks in the center its meaning
creative
so that's the same thing it's at
say that you will spend it on your
thighs where you want and especially
when you do that you have
the impression that it's just innocuous and
in fact when you stop the pain
back and you say it hurts
so be careful not to
cause bruises because I have
had to insist a little too much and I believe that
on one side I have a little blue to whom
is out it must be because of that
so go in moderation but I think
only to activate the circulation
pain felt it works very very
well then the same you must have seen
on instagram that I was walking my
phone in something like that so that
in fact it's a tactile pocket
waterproof for smartphones so
be careful the waterproof side yes for
splashing
but it's not meant to take them
photos under the water
okay it's really an object of
protection so I think that's
could save a message chat I think
that it could save a phone
accidental drowning ie
you are by the pool your
cover falls into the water you the
recover quickly and I think very
sincerely that the phone would not
no money but that's not done
to voluntarily put in
water because there I think that as and when
as the uses grow
system so that has two pressures and
when you unfold who has three
closures slide
I still think that as and when
measure of use it needs more or
least a little bit to fall away father of
sealing so we see your place I
would not put in the water because
that it's still marked waterproof
but not for divers or is it
that it is marked whereas here you are
not immersed in the water anyway not
immersed in water but then mud
on that works very very well I was
it's by the pool
nothing to say if you saw my routine
summer mornings you must have glimpse
two of the other products of this fact 4 5
2 of the other products that I also have
wasteland and audio it's about my sponge
2nd ci lean company a sponge
natural to the face so that has a
small effect very very very slightly
erasing then really very very light
but here it is seydou but it cleans
really very very good skin and
especially I love this feeling on the
face especially in summer and then that's it
comes from the sea it's stop the
products that I love so watch out there
be aware that natural sponges
are supposed to be endangered
but precisely the society that makes the one
who came this one is a society that
is very very com
is concerned with this problem of
disappearance of natural sponges and which
makes sure to promote their
wholesale reproduction they make a small
little breeding to avoid precisely
disappearance
this also explains why the price
is quite expensive because this sponge
you still 19 euros 90 but that's it
I think it's better to buy a
natural sponge to a society that makes
any time that makes every effort to
save a little bit the species rather
that buy them cheap on ebay or
any site
at a seller who has strictly
nothing to do that soon his little
sponges be very very very little
many so here and so you
have also seen it in the video
I use this sponge with my little one
soap with donkey milk
so I pray them in nature scents
there are many other fragrances in the
mark anne essence then it's ti
know there they cut 5 euros 90 and
here I am told that for the face
it would be just perfect if recognized as
best full of very very good
virtues so the test so that was all
for the products that I bought myself and
as usual I left with
some small gifts to test between
others because they know that I am
fan fan fan of the brand durance but
really it's a favorite for me
this brand
so I was lucky to leave with
the shower gel scented with white jasmine
and it really feels very very very very
good is how to say fleury would
really good scents too
because sl is it's my smell
pampered at durance a little soap
scented to the summer fidh if you do not
not felt the products during his ficd
was honestly the court went
feel they have a site too
it's a smell that's me
personally it's my favorite author
is also a small batch of soap
of guests then mini soaps very
convenient for the trip and there they are
with white lilies and it smells good shrink but
in fact I wonder what does not feel
flinched during this so far I
believe that not a single smell that I have
not liked
so here I come so at the end of this
hall i hope this little video
you will have liked it if you too have
already tested some of the products that I
showed you there especially do not hesitate
to tell us all this in the
comments under the video as dhabi
and then me waiting for a next
video I can see a big kiss he says
at the time
ciao